(Play the audio before proceeding to read)
Starting abruptly. But I've never, ever, ever felt this turned on by anyone that too just by their presence. It's way too different with you, you know, it's way too intense, way too hot. Way to, you know, something that I couldn't have imagined in the first place. For someone like me this deep in love, there's no such question as what turns you on. Because fuck it everything about you turns me on. The way you talk, your voice, lil shenanigans, the way those jeans fit on you, that waist, that smile, that giggling, you know, the bulge. I can just keep counting and counting and it won't end, you know, the thighs, the phone sex, for real, it's so hot. All of it. Because it's real, you know, I've never in my whole fucking life craved someone's body this much. And, like, this bad. There's, like, there is no moment in my timeline where I don't want to be in contact with this skin. Don't even get me started on how bad I want to touch you, kiss you, just feel your whole body. Caress, caress like, every part of you. Your boobs, your waist, your neck, those thighs. You don't know how bad I want those hands locked up above your head while you just lay on my sheets. Just can never stop these fantasies, like, just never. Not that I want to, you know, to just never stop. It's way, way too intense. Like, I. Like, I cannot explain, you know, it's just how my heart starts to pound. All this good anxieties kick in, all those imaginations run wild. I'm privileged to have the rights over you, to strip your clothes off. You know, it feels too good to have someone of this liberty in my life, the list that we have for real. We need to work on it. We. So, so, so fuckin' need to. You know, the touch deprivation is real, by the way. It's. It's very major. I cannot stop imagining that brown skin of yours. Like, I swear, I cannot stop imagining that brown skin of yours and how soft it feels to my touch. My best pleasure is you, for real. Like, it's so you. I feel mad horny so often because of you. It gets hard, like, at least four to five times a day just to a thought of you. With just a single fucking thought, just a small one, even. You know, as. And, like, as much as I want anything else with you, I want to lay naked next right to you, after we tire each other of, feeling that different kind of love, just, like, just talking about all this makes me, makes me feel a bit turned on. Don't know about you though, you know what? Leave a fantasy that I don't know in that wishbox. You know what feels even much more hard than anything right now is when you tell me that you touch yourself for me. And to me, your boyfriend that feels so hot, like mad hot, you know. Wish you was here. For real, I miss you so bad. That too not just right now. Always. Believe it or not, always I want to hear you, moan and gasp. Like, yeah, this was random, but I want to hear you moan and gasp. I mean, I told you how fucking good your voice is. It just same, but a bit spicier. It reminds. Oh, fuck. It reminds me of those calls. Especially the morning, those morning calls where you wake me up and that all just escalates. Oh, fuck. Like the best orgasms. Like, to think of it, you have given me my best orgasms. Like, it's so different, you know, I. I just. I just cannot wait to have that day with you. All the shy is set aside and it's just you and me and our whole fucking love. Our body rubbing on each other's. Those lips working, but not to talk. Those hands just feeling every millisecond of that moment and I brains in a whole fucking ecstasy. Maybe, you know, forget what's outside, what's even a stress. But just remember how incredible thing we are in like this whole fucking relationship. My love, oh my baby, I love you. I so fucking love you. My love for real. Never ever doubt that I will even tell you that I love you and only and only you my love, when I'm inside of you. Just remember all that I said. I love you my baby, love. So fucking love you, every second, every minute. Fucking, love you my baby. I love you. Touch yourself for me my love, I will soon takeover.
Yours Only!!
BabyyyBoyfriend!!
