(Play the audio before proceeding to read)
Happy Birthday My Loveee, your first birthday with me, so you cracked the code for this one too hn, really smart, my girlfriend after all, huh, wish I was there to make this day a bit more special for my babyyy, iloveeeeyouuu. I don’t even have an idea of what to talk about, you know just write everything, I’m just sitting here right in front of the text editor because for what all I know, I want to remind you of everything that I feel for you and I surely will again and again and again without any problem because you now my loveee are mine, been for like 10 months now already. Last birthday, your birthday, I just was sitting aside watching, this one I’m there with you, only for you my love. I hope this makes your day a bit more special, like you’ve told me it sucks most of the time, I hope I help you take all the worse out of not only this day but your life too. You’ve become so important to me now, so essential for real, such an integral part of my life. Everything that I do has some or other thought related to you in some or other way, like always. Sad that I cannot be there physically with you, on our special day but as soon as I am back we gonna plan an US day, like yk we'll have it planned already but like implement it when I return type, huh, iloveeeeyouuumybabyyy. Cannot wait to see you again fr, this holds to be true anytime when I am away from you, no matter what or how long. By the way, did you really think your babyyy boyfriend was going to let his babyyy's day be ruined, hell no, you probably can see the wishbox on the right side of the site, I need you to, like I really really want you to fill that box with all your wishes, again reminding, all your wishes without even the smallest drop of hesitation, I'll do whatever you'll want, ask me to, tell me about any novel you would want me to buy for you or just any other stuff, just right around anything my babyyy, iloveeeeyouu and I really want you to enjoy this special day of ours, emphasis on ours not just yours. I really want you to feel special and wanted from my side to say the least. I am so in love with you my babyyy, really deep, to a point where I'm legitimately scared to hurt you in any way and to even the smallest degree. All I want to give you is my loveee and keep you comforted and heavily warmed. You should feel totally safe, secure and comfortable to just anytime confide in me. I am all for you my babyyy, without any doubt and I so cannot wait to have all my firsts with you. Uff, pretty tedious to be honest but worth it and doesn't feel like it. I don't know if I have said this thing with enough weight already but I really want you to enjoy this day to the fullest, I don't want it to be sucky in any way possible. I literally want to see you happy, my angry bird, iloveeeyouuu and I don't know what this turns out into but I really hope this makes your day a bit better. One thing that I wanna say is never ever take stress from our thing when its from me, like for most of the thing I am really great in like no time, I really want you to be stress-free for most of our things, I’ll keep assuring you whenever you will want that my loveee. Huhmmm! You my Sunshaan you know, my only sunshaan. Dummy! Yeah, so I guess I'll end this one right here, so mmm, Happy Birthday My Loveee, Iloveeeyouuuusososomuch and literally imissyouuusososobad, ask when? It's always my babyyy, for real, anytime if you think if I am missing you or not the answer to it is pretty simple, yes, yes I am missing you and probably associating anything stupid that I might be doing, to you. If this the first thing you're reading then it's obviously not a bye, there's a bit more stuff for you to go through you know. So, mmmm, iloveeeyouuumybabyyyy and I really really hope you enjoy your day to the fullest, your laptop guy is wishing the best for you forever and ever and ever my loveeee. Happy Birthday Mi Amor!
Huh!
iloveeeeyouuumybabyyy!!
Yours Only!
YourBabyyy!